Someone in our village broke the record and won the championship
What Zhang Danfeng said can't be true, right?
Zhao Ruolan won't really break the world record
Won the world women's championship
Whoops, world champion.
Then our village is really going to honor our ancestors, right?
Take a look inside.
I said we Ruolan won the championship, right?
Hey, who is the champion of our village?
What level is it?
Is it the men's group or the women's group?
I have a relative who drives in the provincial capital
He said someone in Zhaojiacun broke the record
Leader Shen is rushing here
What champion he didn't hear clearly
It's time for the global announcement of Olympic events
The Olympic men's weightlifting rankings are now announced
Dad, don't worry.
I won't let you down.